c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\quartz_jobs.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\quartz.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.NLog.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\obj\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\obj\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\obj\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe.config
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\obj\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\obj\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\quartz_jobs.xml
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.config
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\quartz.config
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.exe
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz+Topshelf.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.Log4Net.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.NLog.dll
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.pdb
G:\Work\MyObject\Quartz+Topshelf\bin\Debug\Quartz.xml
